WIP - MTV-1358: Release Notes for MTV 2.6.5 (#543)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/rn-2.6.adoc

This release has the following resolved issues:

[id="resolved-issues-26-5_{context}"]
=== Resolved issues 2.6.5

> .VMware RHEL 8 network interface name changes during the migration

Author: ```suggestion
.VMware Linux interface name changes during migration
```

> In earlier releases of {project-short}, during the migration of Rocky 8, CentOS 7.2+, and Ubuntu 22 virtual machines (VM) from VMware to {ocp} (OCP) version 4.13, the name of the network interfaces is modified, and the static IP configuration for the VM is no longer functional. This issue has been resolved for static IPs in {project-short} 2.6.5. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-595[(MTV-595)]

Reviewer: Please drop ` version 4.13` - as all OCP versions are affected.

Let's be specific about the verified Osses:

`resolved for static IPs in Rocky 8, Centos 7.2+, Ubuntu 22`

> In earlier releases of {project-short}, during the migration of a simple Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL8) virtual machine (VM) from VMware 7 to {ocp} (OCP) version 4.13, the name of the network interfaces is modified, and the static IP configuration for the VM is no longer functional. This issue has been resolved for static IPs in {project-short} 2.6.5. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-595[(MTV-595)]

Author: ```suggestion
In earlier releases of {project-short}, 

during the migration of Rocky 8, CentOS 7.2+, and Ubuntu 22 virtual machines (VM) from VMware to {ocp} 
(OCP) version 4.13, the name of the network interfaces is modified, and the static IP configuration for the VM is no longer functional. This issue has been resolved for static IPs in {project-short} 2.6.5. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-595[(MTV-595)]
```

> In earlier releases of {project-short}, during the migration of a simple Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL8) virtual machine (VM) from VMware 7 to {ocp} (OCP) version 4.13, the name of the network interfaces is modified, and the static IP configuration for the VM is no longer functional. This issue has been resolved for static IPs in {project-short} 2.6.5. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-595[(MTV-595)]

Reviewer: From
`during the migration of a simple Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL8) virtual machine (VM) from VMware 7 to {ocp} (OCP) version 4.13`

to
`during the migration of Rocky 8, CentOS 7.2+, and Ubuntu 22 virtual machines (VM) from VMware to {ocp}`

This release has the following resolved issues:

[id="resolved-issues-26-5_{context}"]
=== Resolved issues 2.6.5

.VMware Linux interface name changes during migration

> In earlier releases of {project-short}, 
> 
> during the migration of Rocky 8, CentOS 7.2+, and Ubuntu 22 virtual machines (VM) from VMware to {ocp} 
> (OCP) version 4.13, the name of the network interfaces is modified, and the static IP configuration for the VM is no longer functional. This issue has been resolved for static IPs in {project-short} 2.6.5. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-595[(MTV-595)]

Author: ```suggestion
In earlier releases of {project-short}, during the migration of Rocky 8, CentOS 7.2+, and Ubuntu 22 virtual machines (VM) from VMware to {ocp} (OCP) version 4.13, the name of the network interfaces is modified, and the static IP configuration for the VM is no longer functional. This issue has been resolved for static IPs in {project-short} 2.6.5. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-595[(MTV-595)]
```

This release has the following known issues:

> .Migrating RHEL 7.0 and 7.1 from VMware 7 to {ocp} 4.13, the name of the network interfaces changes

Reviewer: `.Migrating RHEL 7.0 and 7.1 from VMware 7 to {ocp} 4.13, the name of the network interfaces changes`

to
`.Migrating RHEL and CentOS 7.0 and 7.1 from VMware to {ocp}, the name of the network interfaces changes`

> .Migrating RHEL 7.0 and 7.1 from VMware 7 to {ocp} 4.13, the name of the network interfaces changes

Author: ```suggestion
.Migrating RHEL 7.0 and 7.1 from VMware 7 to {ocp} 4.13, the name of the network interfaces changes
```

> .Migrating RHEL and CentOS 7.0 and 7.1 from VMware to {ocp}, the name of the network interfaces changes

Author: ```suggestion
.Migrating older Linux distributions from VMware to {ocp}, the name of the network interfaces changes
```

> When migrating a simple Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) 7.0 and 7.1, as well as Rocky Linux and CentOS 7.0 and 7.1, virtual machine (VM) from VMware 7 to {ocp} 4.13, the name of the network interfaces changes and the static IP configuration for the VM no longer functions. This issue is caused by RHEL 7.0 and 7.1 still requiring `virtio-transitional`. Workaround: Manually update the guest to RHEL 7.2 or update the VM specification post-migration to use transitional. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-1382[(MTV-1382)]

Reviewer: Please change
`When migrating a simple Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) 7.0 and 7.1, as well as Rocky Linux and CentOS 7.0 and 7.1, virtual machine (VM) from VMware 7 to {ocp} 4.13,`

to

`When migrating older Linux distributions, such as CentOS 7.0 and 7.1 virtual machines (VM) from VMware to {ocp},`

> When migrating a simple Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) 7.0 and 7.1, as well as Rocky Linux and CentOS 7.0 and 7.1, virtual machine (VM) from VMware 7 to {ocp} 4.13, the name of the network interfaces changes and the static IP configuration for the VM no longer functions. This issue is caused by RHEL 7.0 and 7.1 still requiring `virtio-transitional`. Workaround: Manually update the guest to RHEL 7.2 or update the VM specification post-migration to use transitional. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-1382[(MTV-1382)]

Author: ```suggestion
When migrating older Linux distributions, such as CentOS 7.0 and 7.1 virtual machines (VM) from VMware to {ocp}, the name of the network interfaces changes and the static IP configuration for the VM no longer functions. This issue is caused by RHEL 7.0 and 7.1 still requiring `virtio-transitional`. Workaround: Manually update the guest to RHEL 7.2 or update the VM specification post-migration to use transitional. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-1382[(MTV-1382)]
```
